dbt run-operation ref (#9193)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-v1.12.md

## Quick hits

> - Macros invoked with the [`dbt run-operation`](/reference/commands/run-operation) command can now call `ref()` on models with `private` or `protected` [access](/reference/resource-configs/access) without raising a `DbtReferenceError`. Because macros are not part of the group and access control system, dbt doesn't enforce group membership when a macro references a model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Macros invoked with the [`dbt run-operation`](/reference/commands/run-operation) command can now `ref()` models with `private` or `protected` [access](/reference/resource-configs/access) without raising a `DbtReferenceError`. Because macros are not part of the group and access control system, dbt doesn't enforce group membership when a macro called by `run-operation` references a model.
```
